## Explanations of the various subprojects
### Appstract (Icon Pack)
Building an icon pack requires processing and formatting a lot of data. Below are scripts I've written in order to automate processing this data. Each directory holds both the script and input and output files (when possible).
#### - colorsensor
A script that analyzes the dominant color of icons I designed held in a local directory, and then generates an xml-style text file grouping the icons by color.
#### - componentinfoscript
A script that takes a gigantic unordered text file of the [form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Delta-Icons/android/master/app/src/main/res/xml/appfilter.xml) and generates a file that groups all of the lines with the same "drawable" attribute.
#### - requestsanalyzer
A command-line tool that scrapes Appstract's icon request email inbox. The tool performs an analysis on all apps requested, and then outputs icons ranked by the highest number of requests. Adapted from [Gmail's API sample code](https://developers.google.com/gmail/api/quickstart/python). Note that this tool requires a user to login to the email inbox they'd like to scrape; as such, it can be used by anybody, but the functionality won't work unless your inbox happens to be filled with request emails generated by CandyBar Dashboard.
#### - xmlscript
A script that simply returns the filenames without the file extension of every icon I've designed (held in a local directory), formatted in the xml style required for the preview function of the app.
#### - whitelines
A script that fills a local directory with svgs after changing all of a svg's #000000 elements to #ffffff.
